[DatePicker] Support week range selection (#16887)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/fluentui/CHANGELOG.md

- Renamed `Card` property `quiet` to `ghost` as per design spec. @TanelVari ([#16585](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/16585))
- Added `CarouselPaddlesContainer` to allow verticaly centering Paddles @assuncaocharles ([#16477](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/16477))
- Removed `@fluentui/keyboard-key` dependency from all packages. @xugao ([#16700](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/16700))

> - Updated `Datepicker` to allow the entire week selection. For that reason, a space between cells was removed. @vejrj ([#16887](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/16887)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `Datepicker` to allow the entire week selection, remove space between cells. @vejrj ([#16887](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/16887)) 
```

Reviewer: __nit__
